hello and welcome back to learn English
with Minecraft the series where I teach
English while trying to beat Minecraft
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up
so
in the last video I finally found the
Cherry Grove biome
and I'm going to start this video by
showing you around the Cherry Grove
I think that the Cherry Grove is a
beautiful biome there are lots of
bunnies
of bunnies
hopping around
there are many pink flowers on the
ground
pink flowers pink flowers
and of course there are huge pink trees
that have leaves falling off of them
do you see the pink leaves falling
foreign
I think that the Cherry Grove biome is
very beautiful
uh oh
it looks like a bunny died right here
so I played a little bit in between this
video and the last video
and I found many things
look at this
this is a huge cave
that has
lots of stalactites and stalagmites
I haven't explored this cave yet I only
placed two or three torches
so maybe I'll explore this cave in this
video
but first I have other things that I
want to show you
it looks like there's a huge jungle over
there
do you see the tall trees that have
Vines hanging down
over there
there's a river right here
so I can use this River to travel by
boat
and over here
I've begun building a little house
right there
I'm going to jump down into the river
jump
fish
hello fish
hello
hello squids
there are lots of squids and Fish In
this River
but it's almost night time
so I'm going to go to my bed
which is up there
all right
so this is the little house that I've
begun building
um it's obviously not finished yet
I'm going to build Windows right here
and right here right here but I don't
have any glass yet
for right now I'm just going to go to
bed
sleep
I'm sleeping in the bed that I stole
from the village
the blue bed
all right ooh There's a Zombie burning
in the sunlight
over there
I've started building a mine
and there's the boat that I built
I need to replace the grass floor with
stone
and I need to finish building
the roof oops the roof
so this house still has a lot of work
left
but in this video I want to explore
because I haven't explored around this
area at all yet
it's a creeper
there's another cave right here
stay away Creeper
I think I'm going to start by exploring
this cave and it's raining
oh
creeper
die
die oh
and it exploded
sorry chicken
but I'm going to need more food
down here there's some water
I'm going to place a torch
so that I can see better
hmm
whoa there are lots of bubbles right
there
bubbles
oh
well
I'm not going to go this way
so I guess I'll go this way
over here
torch
oh
so this cave was pretty
boring
let's go check out the other cave
jump jump jump jump jump
I'm climbing up the mountain
in the future I'll probably build a
staircase
so going up the mountain is easier all
right the cave
I'm going to explore this cave
to see if I can find anything cool
I'm being very careful not to jump on
top of any of these stalagmites
these are stalagmites and those up there
are Stalag tights
Stalag mites on the bottom and Stalag
tights on the top
let's continue downward
[Music]
I'm going to be very careful I don't
want to die again
can't see
I'm going to place a torch
okay
more cool
hey
it's some iron
I need iron
torch
whoa oh
think it's another abandoned mine shaft
down there
do you see the chains
more coal
oh
this place looks very dangerous
[Music]
whoa there's water dripping
from that stalactite
okay
let's keep going down towards the
abandoned mine shaft down there
hmm
I can't get too far away from my house
because I don't have a map
so I'll need to remember my way back
wow
whoa
pointed drip Stone I didn't know that I
could pick up these drip stones
all right
well here we are
the abandoned mine shaft
more coal
whoa
the mine shaft continues down here
oh
torches
there's a spider
come here spider oh
oh
I need to eat
ooh those spiders are very dangerous
because when they hit you they poison
you
I was poisoned that's why my hearts
turned green
oh I hear another one
get out my sword
where is it
wow
there's lava right there
oh I think I heard a skeleton
a chest
what's inside the chest
gold
a golden apple
some pumpkin seeds
rails
and detector rails
okay
I'm going to break this chest and
Minecart
all right
string string string string
I'm collecting some of this string so I
can build a fishing pole and I'm going
to break this spawner
I hear lots of spiders around me
let's go
I'm going to dig this way through this
wall
aha
there are going to be spiders over here
spiders
aha there's a spider
die
no no
die die
oh uh oh I'm poisoned
I need to eat
eat eat
ooh that was close
once again I almost died
spider
there it is
oh
all right we're doing good
oh oh
die oh
I'm poisoned again
oh another chest right there
torch
what's inside
another Golden Apple some bread a torch
pumpkin seeds and some more rails
okay
right now I'm going to build a furnace
and begin smelting some iron
so I can build an iron pickaxe all right
so now using the furnace I'm smelting
wrought iron into
iron ingots
and with one two three iron ingots
and
oh
I don't have any sticks
oh but wait
I can build sticks using wood from the
mine shaft
aha wood
there we go
and now I have sticks
back to the crafting table
Now using one two three iron ingots
and one two
two sticks and three iron ingots I can
build
an iron pickaxe
and with the iron pickaxe I can mine
this gold
oh no but
I can't pick up the gold because
my inventory is full so
I guess I'll throw some spider eyes
throw
now I can pick up the gold
now before I go back up to the surface
I want to find some Redstone so I can
build a map
so I'm going to continue exploring until
I find some redstone
then I'll go back up to the surface
nine iron and I guess I'll leave the
crafting table right here
goodbye crafting table
I'm going to stop this lava from flowing
by placing a block right here
any redstone
lapis
there are lots of scary sounds down here
Emerald
emeralds are very rare
even more rare than diamonds
oh
and a zombie
die
another zombie
that's three zombies
phew
at least the creeper didn't destroy the
emerald
[Music]
let's pick it up
oh
um
there we go
Emerald
still no redstone
[Music]
where is all the Redstone
aha whoa
okay
I see some Redstone over there
oh wait a minute
great I think the entrance to the cave
is just up there
okay
I'm going to dig through the wall
right here and go around
the lava
all right redstone
[Music]
and I will throw away
um
the furnace
[Music]
redstone
all right
now I think I have everything that I
will need to build a map
[Music]
I'm going to get the rest of this
redstone
there we go
[Music]
and now I'm going to go back up to the
surface but first I need to eat
some bread
all right
and
let's go up
up up
all of these spider sounds are scaring
me
especially because I'm right next to
this lava
I don't want a spider to hit me into
the lava
all right
let's continue going up
up up up up up up up up up up up up up
I'm almost to the entrance of the cave
up oh
and there it is
it's the sky
I can see clouds and stars
grass
all right
let's go back to my house
and
my house
here we go
I'm going to jump and dive into
the river
jump
I'm swimming
I'm swimming with the fish
all right
hey
it's my boat
home
and I'm going to sleep oh oh no
thanks creeper
all right and it's morning
well I guess the first thing that I'm
going to do today is fix the house
I'm going to put away everything that I
don't need
okay I need dirt and wood
there we go I fixed the part of the
house that the creeper destroyed
and now I'm going to begin smelting the
iron that I found down in the cave
get out of here
get out of here zombie
all right coal and iron so now this
wrought iron is smelting using one two
three sticks and one two string I'm
going to build
a fishing pole
or a fishing rod so now I have a fishing
rod oh
hey Enderman
now I have a fishing rod and in the next
video I'm going to go fishing but for
right now I'm going to end this video
right here if you liked this video you
could click the like button or subscribe
to my channel and as always I will see
you in the next video
see ya
[Music]